Add a security and privacy questionnaire for Unrestricted WebUSB (#248)
WICG/webusb: security-and-privacy-questionnaire-unrestricted-webusb.md

> # [Self-Review Questionnaire: Security and Privacy](https://w3ctag.github.io/security-questionnaire/)

Reviewer: Thank you for including notes on where WebUSB and Unrestricted WebUSB differ. I think we can rename this file to `security-and-privacy-questionnaire.md` since it adiquately covers the original API as well.

Author: Renamed

The device's supported configurations and interfaces describe how to communicate with the device. Applications use this information to deduce the device's capabilities, compose transfers to be sent to the device, and interpret transfers received from the device.

By allowing a site to communicate with a peripheral device it is exposed to any information that the device makes available through that connection. Information communicated with the device may include device identifiers that can be used for fingerprinting, private user data, security credentials, and other sensitive data. WebUSB [restricts the classes of devices](https://wicg.github.io/webusb/#has-a-protected-interface-class) that can be accessed through the API to limit the potential for abuse.

(For Unrestricted WebUSB:) The Unrestricted WebUSB feature removes the restrictions on protected device classes so that trusted applications can access these devices.

> 02.  Do features in your specification expose the minimum amount of information
>      necessary to implement the intended functionality?

> Yes, an application with the `"usb-unrestricted"` permission receives the same information that is normally available through WebUSB API, except that the application additionally receives information about protected devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For WebUSB in general:) Yes, a site only receives information about the device the user has chosen to share with it.

(For Unrestricted WebUSB:) Applications must opt-in to the ability to access otherwise protected device by requesting the `"usb-unrestricted"` permission which may subject them to additional scrutiny through a process external to this API.
```

Author: Done

(For WebUSB:) The API is designed to be safe by default, exposing no information about connected devices until a user has granted permission. Additionally, the API blocks access to the most sensitive device classes. Typically these devices are accessible through another higher-level web platform API.

(For Unrestricted WebUSB:) The feature does not attempt to protect sensitive information. We expect applications that use this feature will be carefully reviewed before publishing. If a published application is found to be abusing the permission then the application will be unpublished through a process external to this API.

> 05.  Do the features in your specification introduce state
>      that persists across browsing sessions?

(For WebUSB in general:) Yes, permissions may persist across browsing sessions for devices that can be reliably re-identified by the implementation. In Chromium, this requires that the device has a non-empty serial number string descriptor. Permissions for devices without a serial number are revoked when the device is disconnected or the browser is closed.

Additionally, a device may have its own state that persists independently of the browser.

> (For Unrestricted WebUSB:) No new information is persisted for this feature.

Reviewer: Remove this line and the annotation since there's no additional state for Unrestricted WebUSB.

Author: Done
